README.md, before:

## Hi There, I am Software Engineer 🛠️ 

![Me](./images/card2.jpg)
 

 ## Overview

 <p>
  Hello! I am a dedicated Full Stack software engineer with 2 years of hands-on experience in building scalable, high-performance web applications. My core strength lies in backend development, where I specialize in crafting robust APIs, optimizing database performance, and ensuring secure and efficient server-side operations using TypeScript, JavaScript, Node.js, Express, Mongoose, and Prisma. On the frontend, I have solid experience with React, HTML/CSS, and Tailwind CSS, allowing me to build responsive, user-friendly interfaces that integrate seamlessly with backend systems. I enjoy working across the stack to deliver cohesive, end-to-end solutions.

   <a href="https://portfolio-rouge-rho-16.vercel.app/" target="_blank">Learn more from my portfolio</a> 
 </p>

---

 ## Techonology I work with

<div>
<table>
    <tr>
        <td><strong>Backend</strong></td>
        <td>
            <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white" />
            <!-- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NestJS-E0234E?style=for-the-badge&logo=nestjs&logoColor=white" /> -->
            <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white" />
            <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-009688?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white" />
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><strong>Frontend</strong></td>
        <td>
            <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB" />
            <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white" />
            <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TailwindCSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white" />
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><strong>Database</strong></td>
        <td>
            <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Oracle-F80000?style=for-the-badge&logo=oracle&logoColor=white" />
            <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-4EA94B?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white" />
            <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-336791?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white" />
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><strong>Database & ORM</strong></td>
        <td>
            <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Prisma-2D3748?style=for-the-badge&logo=prisma&logoColor=white" />
            <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Mongoose-880000?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white" />
            <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeORM-CB3837?style=for-the-badge&logo=typeorm&logoColor=white" />
            <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Knex.js-FFDB4D?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=black" />
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><strong>Auth & BaaS</strong></td>
        <td>
            <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-FFCA28?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=black" />
            <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Supabase-3ECF8E?style=for-the-badge&logo=supabase&logoColor=white" />
            <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=jsonwebtokens&logoColor=white" />
        </td>
    </tr>
<tr>
  <td><strong>Cloud & Tools</strong></td>
  <td>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GCP-34A853?style=for-the-badge&logo=googlecloud&logoColor=white" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-FF9900?style=for-the-badge&logo=googlecloud&logoColor=white" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-326CE5?style=for-the-badge&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Redis-DC382D?style=for-the-badge&logo=redis&logoColor=white" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Amazon%20S3-FF9900?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazons3&logoColor=white" />
  </td>
</tr>

</table>
</div>

---

## Language I use to


![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)

## 💼 Experience

#### 🏢 ERPCAP (USA) — *Project Intern*   [📍 Remote | 🗓️ May 2024 – June 2024 ] 

#### 🏢 ClooudGen — *Full Stack Software Engineer*   [📍 Remote | 🗓️ December 2024 – May 2025  ]
#### 🏢 SM-Technology — *Backend Engineer*   [📍 On-site | 🗓️ June 2025 – August 2025  ]
#### 🏢 ERPCAP(USA) — *Full Stack Software Engineer*   [📍 Remote | 🗓️ September 2025 – Running  ]

---

## Backend projects 

### Online university management system  .
<div>
    <a href="https://github.com/Shatab99/Student-University-With-TS.git">Github</a></br>
    <a href="https://student-university-with-ts.vercel.app/">Live Server</a>
</div>

### Online Bike Renting center .

<div>
    <a href="https://github.com/Shatab99/Bike-service-ts.git">Github</a> </br>
    <a href="https://riding-bike.vercel.app/">Live Server</a></br>
</div>
<div>
    </br>
</div>

## Enola Voice Assistant (Still Developing) 

<div>
    👉&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="https://github.com/Shatab99/Enola-Voice-assistant.git">Github</a> </br>
</div>
<div>
    </br>
</div>

## Full Stack Projects are pinned here (With live server) 👇

Commit message:

Refactor code structure for improved readability and maintainability

README.md, after:

## Hi There, I am Software Engineer 🛠️ 

![Me](./images/2.png)
 

 ## Overview
```bash
-> FOCUS:           Backend Scalability & API Security.
-> PHILOSOPHY:      Code that solves the problem, stripped of the fluff.
-> CURRENT_MISSION: Solving real-time engineering hurdles.

# I bring 2 years of hands-on experience in TypeScript, Node.js, and 
# Database Optimization to build infrastructure that holds up under pressure.
```

 <p>
   <a href="https://www.shatab.me/" target="_blank">Learn more from my portfolio</a> 
 </p>

---

 ## Techonology I work with

<div>
<table>
    <tr>
        <td><strong>Backend</strong></td>
        <td>
            <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white" />
            <!-- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NestJS-E0234E?style=for-the-badge&logo=nestjs&logoColor=white" /> -->
            <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white" />
            <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-009688?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white" />
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><strong>Frontend</strong></td>
        <td>
            <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB" />
            <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white" />
            <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TailwindCSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white" />
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><strong>Database</strong></td>
        <td>
            <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Oracle-F80000?style=for-the-badge&logo=oracle&logoColor=white" />
            <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-4EA94B?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white" />
            <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-336791?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white" />
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><strong>Database & ORM</strong></td>
        <td>
            <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Prisma-2D3748?style=for-the-badge&logo=prisma&logoColor=white" />
            <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Mongoose-880000?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white" />
            <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeORM-CB3837?style=for-the-badge&logo=typeorm&logoColor=white" />
            <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Knex.js-FFDB4D?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=black" />
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><strong>Auth & BaaS</strong></td>
        <td>
            <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-FFCA28?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=black" />
            <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Supabase-3ECF8E?style=for-the-badge&logo=supabase&logoColor=white" />
            <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=jsonwebtokens&logoColor=white" />
        </td>
    </tr>
<tr>
  <td><strong>Cloud & Tools</strong></td>
  <td>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GCP-34A853?style=for-the-badge&logo=googlecloud&logoColor=white" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-FF9900?style=for-the-badge&logo=googlecloud&logoColor=white" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-326CE5?style=for-the-badge&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Redis-DC382D?style=for-the-badge&logo=redis&logoColor=white" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Amazon%20S3-FF9900?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazons3&logoColor=white" />
  </td>
</tr>

</table>
</div>

---

## Language I use to


![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)

## 💼 Experience

#### 🏢 ERPCAP (USA) — *Project Intern*   [📍 Remote | 🗓️ May 2024 – June 2024 ] 

#### 🏢 ClooudGen — *Full Stack Software Engineer*   [📍 Remote | 🗓️ December 2024 – May 2025  ]
#### 🏢 SM-Technology — *Backend Engineer*   [📍 On-site | 🗓️ June 2025 – August 2025  ]
#### 🏢 ERPCAP(USA) — *Full Stack Software Engineer*   [📍 Remote | 🗓️ September 2025 – Running  ]

---

## Backend projects 

### Online university management system  .
<div>
    <a href="https://github.com/Shatab99/Student-University-With-TS.git">Github</a></br>
    <a href="https://student-university-with-ts.vercel.app/">Live Server</a>
</div>

### Online Bike Renting center .

<div>
    <a href="https://github.com/Shatab99/Bike-service-ts.git">Github</a> </br>
    <a href="https://riding-bike.vercel.app/">Live Server</a></br>
</div>
<div>
    </br>
</div>

## Enola Voice Assistant (Still Developing) 

<div>
    👉&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="https://github.com/Shatab99/Enola-Voice-assistant.git">Github</a> </br>
</div>
<div>
    </br>
</div>

## Full Stack Projects are pinned here (With live server) 👇
